Update azure-container-technical-assets.md (#103828)
Azure/azure-content: articles/marketplace/azure-container-technical-assets.md

- If you already have a working container in your local registry, create an Azure Registry and upload your container image to the Azure Container Registry. To learn more, see [Tutorial: Build and deploy container images in the cloud with Azure Container Registry Tasks](../container-registry/container-registry-tutorial-quick-task.md).

> - If you don’t have a container image yet and need to containerize your existing application or create a new container based application,  clone the application source code from GitHub, create a container image from the application source, and test the image in a local Docker environment. To learn more, see [Tutorial: Create a container image for deployment to Azure Container Instances](../container-instances/container-instances-tutorial-prepare-app.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you don't have a container image yet, and you need to containerize your existing application or create a new container-based application, clone the application source code from GitHub, create a container image from the application source, and test the image in a local Docker environment. To learn more, see [Tutorial: Create a container image for deployment to Azure Container Instances](../container-instances/container-instances-tutorial-prepare-app.md).
```
